Name: 3013
Date: 12 JAN 2018	
Current Module:	Network Programming with C
Project Name:	fdr

Project Goals:
	<A two to three sentence description of the project and its intent>
	The goal of this project was to reinforce the concepts taught in the classroom, about the C Socket API and Server/Client 
	communications with sockets. This project also created a UDP server that would provide an application of solving math 
	problems that it receives with the proper protocol parameters.


Considerations:
	<A bulleted list of considerations and conditions which affected the design of your project>
	- Listening on multiple ports with a signal handler.
	- Implementing IPv4 and IPv6.
	- Input checking and response handling.
	- GMP Library for large numbers (F(300) and 10^20)


Initial Design:
	<A paragraph or more that adequately describes your program's structure and layout discussing the various modules (.c and corresponding .h files) that you implemented>
	There are two files in this project:
	conversion.c:
		conversions():
			- This handle the response of the protocol.
			- A switch statement will choose which function to user is requesting
			  parse the data, check if it is valid, and responds.
		get_fib(): 
			-return a F(n) in hexadecimal
		get_hex(): 
			-return a hexadecimal conversion of a number( 0 - 10^20)
		get_rom(): 
			-use a subtraction method of calculating Roman numerals (I may choose to include if time permits.)

	udp_server.c:
		main():
			- Establishes the sockets needed to enter a infinite loop, waiting for SIGIO to be received.
		sighandler():
			- Response to a SIGIO, look at all the sockets, and handle any messages received.
			- No response to invalid command request. Other should send error message.
		create_sockets():
			- Use this to create the sockets for both IPv4 (initially), and IPv6 (required).

	Running ./fdr will initiate the UDP server with six listening ports for messages. The signal handler takes over to handle
	incoming messages. The implementation of these files will allow a UDP server to receive protocol commands 
	and response accordingly. 
	
Data Flow:
	<A paragraph or longer describing the data flow of the program in a sequential manner.  Include a diagram when necessary.>
	The server starts up creating sockets for both, IPv4 and IPv6 in a non-blocking state, and setting up a signal handler. 
	Once established with no errors, it will enter a infinite loop. The signal handler will execute on receiving a SIGIO signal,
	from here it will check if any port has data to receive from.  If data is receive, the signal handler will call the main
	function, or conversion(), which will handle the data processing.  Response UDP will be conversion, or error if valid option,
	else it will discarded.  The response will be sent back based on the received address information.

Communication Protocol:
	<Discuss any custom communication protocol you have used including the various request and responses that may be sent and received.>
	This project implemented a UDP server, using it as the primary protocol. The custom protocol  of the math server handled input.
	
Potential Pitfalls:
	<Discuss any potential issues that you might run into while creating the project>
	- Converting Roman Numerals.
	- Sending and Receiving UDP packets with signal handler.
	- Using GMP properly.

Test Plan:
	User Test:
 		<Describe the steps taken for each user test.>
		- Build a server that will respond back.
		- Implement SIGIOHandler.
		- Convert input. 
		- Send custom response from data received.
	Test Cases:
		<A brief overview of the test cases that you implemented.>
		The test cases are attempts to match the requirements documents and extreme cases.
		- Strings sent:
			Simple:
				"RMMMM"
				"D10000"
				"F100"
			Hard:
				"RXXXVII"
				"D100000000000000"
				"F200"
			Harder:
				"RMCMXCVIII"
				"D10000000000000000000"
				"F300"

		- Other tests included bad input and values outside the max allowed range per the requirements document.

Conclusion:
	<A review of the project, what worked, what didn’t and how to improve upon your project in the future.>
	The project allows the student to make effort in developing a UDP server that is difficult to replicate from any previous example.
	In implementing a listen on multiple ports, there were different methods to choice from, I selected to use a signal handler and
	use the poll() to handle the interaction of received messages.  There was plenty of issues to work through, and none that became
	overwhelming to get to the next section in my initial design.



